A: Did you hear about the guy with the corduroy pillow? 
B: No, I didn't. 
A: Really? It made headlines! 

A: How do you like your new job at the cemetery? 
B: I quit after a week. I found the work too frustrating. 
A: What happened? 
B: No matter what I said to the customers, they were always dead right! 

In London, one man to another: 
A: "You know, my daughter has married an Irishman" 
B: "Oh, really?" 
A: "No, O'Reilly" 

Boyfriend: What is your favorite music group? 
Girlfriend: I love U2! 
Boyfriend: I love you too, but what is your favorite music group? 

Teacher: Rumiko, be careful your purse is open. Someone might take your money! 
Rumiko: Oh, no. I left it open so I can get more money. 
Teacher: How can you get more money? 
Rumiko: The weather report said we would have some change in our weather! 

I was arrested at the airport. Just because I was greeting my cousin Jack! 
All that I said was "Hi Jack", but very loud. 

Three tomatoes are walking down the street, a poppa tomato, a momma tomato, and a little baby tomato. The baby tomato is lagging behind the poppa and momma tomato. The poppa tomato gets mad, goes over to the momma tomato and stamps on him -- 
(STAMPS on the ground) 
-- and says: catch up. 

Q: What are two things people never eat before breakfast? 
A: Lunch and supper. 

Q: Why did the man throw a bucket of water out the window? 
A: He wanted to see the waterfall.
 
Q: Why did the man throw the butter out the window? 
A: He wanted to see the butterfly.
 
Q: Why did the man put the clock in the safe? 
A: He wanted to save time.

Q: Why is number six afraid ? 
A: Because seven eight nine (seven ate nine) 

Teacher: Tell me a sentence that starts with an "I". 
Student: I is the....
Teacher: Stop! Never put 'is' after an "I". Always put 'am' after an "I".
Student: OK. I am the ninth letter of the alphabet. 

A: Do you want to hear a dirty joke? 
B: Ok 
A: A white horse fell in the mud. 

Patient: Doctor, I think that I've been bitten by a vampire. 
Doctor: Drink this glass of water. 
Patient: Will it make me better? 
Doctor: No, I but I'll be able to see if your neck leaks. 

"I was born in California." 
"Which part?" 
"All of me." 

Little Johnny: Teacher, can I go to the bathroom? 
Teacher: Little Johnny, MAY I go to the bathroom? 
Little Johnny: But I asked first! 

PUPIL: "Would you punish me for something I didn`t do?" 
TEACHER:" Of course not." 
PUPIL: "Good, because I haven`t done my homework." 

A: Just look at that young person with the short hair and blue jeans. Is it a boy or a girl? 
B: It's a girl. She's my daughter. 
A: Oh, I'm sorry, sir. I didn't know that you were her father. 
B: I'm not. I'm her mother. 

Patient: Doctor, I have a pain in my eye whenever I drink tea. 
Doctor: Take the spoon out of the mug before you drink. 

The doctor to the patient: 'You are very sick' 
The patient to the doctor: 'Can I get a second opinion?' 
The doctor again: 'Yes, you are very ugly too...'  